{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li720\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the characters travel through the mountain they will have some ecounters with crazy creatures maybe. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they re-enter the woodlands they will have an encounter with hell hounds and the crazy big ass girafee guys.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After this encounter they will meet with Kyle character who will thell them that he was told about this by the Melora worshippers that live in the woods.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They can track the hounds back to the compound}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After reaching the compound they will see guards patrolling a perimeter on the tops of solid iron walls. They will also see a door on the wall open up and spew the dogs out into the wilds as they go barking and howling into the wilds}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The players can approach the compound or attempt to sneak in}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If caught they will be taken to see Marta and then she will ask them to help cull some of the hell hounds}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	7.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If not caught and they successfully sneak into the compound they can discover the portal and destroy the device creating it and with a successful dispel magic close the portal.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi720\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	8.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they are discovered having closed the portla Marta will attempt to have them captured and fed to the udaak in a very Jaba the hut and star wars scene}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	9.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they successfully close it stealth away they will find that there is still a bunch of hounds and will need to destroy them}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	10.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they confront Marta after destroying it she will attempt to have the captured and brought to justice.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	11.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they approach the compound then she will explain to them what she is doing and ask for their help to cull the heard}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	12.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She will refuse to close the portal and cannot be persuaded by reason}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	13.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a incubus that is posing as her apprentice that has convinced her that she needs to keep the portal open. If she closes the portal then are trying to set her up for failure and sabatoge her research.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	14.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they take her up on the offer to cull the hell hounds and go out to kill the hounds they will encounter the troll and orc war camp.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	15.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they encounter the camp the orcs and the war chief will be gearing up for battle.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	16.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they approach the war camp and explain the situation the orcs will say that the hounds have ruined their camps and killed their villagers. She must pay a price. If they are not with them then they are against them. Join or die.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	17.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they join the war band they can mount and attack on the compound.}}