{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After following the hound trail for a mile or two you encounter a clear cut break in the tree. On the other side of the break there is 20 foot metallic wall that stretches about 200 meters in either direction. At the top of the wall there are evenly spaced breaks in the wall and through the breaks you see the occasional armored humonoid pass by seeminly on patrol. On the interoir of the wall there is a large old stone tower that stands about 100 ft tall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  There is a metallic gate about 7 feet tall and 7 feet across. Around the corner of the wall further away from the first gate there is a very large road that travels to the base of the wall presumably to a gate that you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see from this vantage point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line   \tab As you scan the environment, There is a bright flash of light that leaks through the gaps in the door and you hear a man yell from the other side of the wall, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open the gate!\u8221\'94  The man you saw patrolling hurries back towards the direction of the gate and after some time it begins to slowly open. As the gate opens you hear the familiar snarling and maybe even a velociraptor screech or something. The the door cracks open black smoke begins a poor out from the other side and a black flaming reachs out clawing at air. As it opens further you recognize the familiar head of a hell hound peak out struggling to break free. As the door opens fully several hell hounds bound out into the forest snarling and howeling. You hear off in the distance the howling of another pack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}