{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset1252\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Lawful Evil}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Ideals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Innovation, Creation, Freedom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Ambitions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Make a discovery that will last longer than herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Motivations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fear of failure}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trolls were attaking the tower, so she summoned hell hounds to roam the wilds near her tower and keep the trolls at bay. She has realized the hell hound population has grown at a astronomical rate, so she hires the characters to hunt a few to keep the population down. The characters discover they aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only ones killing hell hounds a hill giant and a small gang of trolls are killing the hounds in preperation for an attack on Marta\u8217\'92s tower.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why are the hill giants going to attack Marta\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tower? What is Marta doing at the tower? She has been hired by Ludinus from the assembly to create new conjuration spells that can be used in the fight against the Kryn Dynasty. Hill giants and orcs have banded together to attack martas compound.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marta wants to develop spells and weapons to help combat the beasts of the Kryn dynasty. The compound contains the massive monsters of the Kyrn. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}